scripts: sbom: Add --input-dir option (#29317)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/west_commands/sbom/README.rst

     --input-files '**/*.c' '!**/main.c'

* Provide an input directory whose files are all analyzed recursively:

  .. parsed-literal::
     :class: highlight

     --input-dir *directory*

  This is equivalent to ``--input-files`` with the ``directory/**/*`` glob.
  Every file inside the directory and all its subdirectories is added.

>   You can provide this option more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All files inside the directory and its subdirectories are added.
  You can use this option more than once.
```
